You're listening to Rhiannon talking about her family's reaction to her boyfriend.
When I went and worked in a workshop, I saw this guy and I really, really, really liked him.
And we talked and we got to know each other.
And it just went off from there and told my parents.
And they said, oh, we want to meet this person.
Came over for a barbecue and they just didn't like him.
And we did something really stupid.
Well, I didn't think it was really stupid, but my parents didn't like what we did.
And that's why it had to end.
I didn't want it to end, but my parents ended it.
And when we sold the house, we were living with friends.
And then we just, I could see him and I opened the door and I wanted to go run up to him
and see him and say hello.
My parents saw him and just, because I was sitting in the car at the time.
And my parents just shoved me inside the house because they didn't want me to see him.
And how old were you at this time?
I was 19, 20.
And I'm still not happy with the way things ended.
And I wish I could just reconnect because I really like this guy.
Although I'm moving forward with my life and hopefully meeting new people
and going on these dating sites that something will materialise.
Do your parents know that you're on the dating sites?
No.
I would really like to tell them all about it, but I know they will 100% disagree.